i want you, all of you. want to feel you inside me, deep inside me. i want you to tell me when you’re going to cum, hear you moan my name and fuck me harder. your pants, they bother me. take them off! kiss me hard and fuck me harder! we should fuck. like right now, right here. hard, fast. pin me down, kiss me hard, look me in the eyes and fuck me like you’ve never fucked someone before. moanday. tongueday. wetday. thirstday. freakday. sexday. suckday. tease me until i’m begging for it. your face would look better between my legs. i swear to god i won’t stop until you’re shaking. get your ass in my bed. nice pants. can i test the zipper? your clothes would look nice on my bedroom floor. be naked when i come home. lets makeout, have sex, cuddle and have a deep talk. then lets have sex again, go out to eat, then go back home, watch a movie and have sex again. wanna do bad things to you. swear to you i won’t stop until your legs are shaking and the neighbors know my name. i just want you to be happy. and naked. i’m a lip bitter. i’m in my bed, you’re in yours. one of us is obviously in the wrong place. we should have lots of sex. i love the way you fuck me. i licked it, so it’s mine! if you bite my pis or kiss my neck, i promise to rip your fucking clothes off. shut up and kiss me. rub my clit. my vagina is wet. i am naked and i want to get fucked. be gentle with me. be sweet ad kind. oh hell! who am i kidding? flip me over, ride my ass and pull my hair! go ahead. touch it. i want to capture you, like this, and freeze it forever. eyes on me, baby. always on me! spank me. it’s the only way i learn. push me up against the wall and do dirty things to me. it’s not that i’m horny all the time. no women gets an orgasm from shining the kitchen floor. i don’t know the question, but sex is definitely the answer. everything in the world is about sex except sex. sex is about power. good sex is like good bridge. if you don’t have a good partner, you’d better have a good hand. the difference between sex and love is that sex relieves tension and love causes it. sex without love is as hollow and ridiculous as love without sex. sex is kicking death in the ass while singing. is sex dirty? only when it’s being done right. sex is an emotion in motion. love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions. fuck me harder. shower me in your white sticky milk. sex is the most fun you can have without laughing. i never realized until lately that women were supposed to be the inferior sex. i haven’t had sec in eight months. to be honest, i now prefer to go bowling. fuck yeah. don't you just love it when he stretches your little asshole. so deep in my ass. i don't know what the fuck is going on but let's just keep fucking. do you really think he is not going to fuck me? let's fuck like there is no tomorrow. i talk so much about sex that girls just want to meet me. squirt squirt squirt. so big. so much pre-cum. don't stop. right there, right there. yes baby, keep doing that. sex is a momentary itch, love never lets you go. i’ve enjoyed sex a lot. always have. always will. to succeed with the opposite sex, tell her you’re impotent. she can’t wait to disprove it. love is an ice cream sundae, with all the marvelous coverings. sex is the cherry on top. sex is more exciting on the screen and between the pages than between the sheets.
i want to fuck you hottie
please fuck me really hard
your pussy is really wet
my pussy is tight and can take a lot of pain
suck my cock, please
please i will, i just need you to fuck me
please, i need your cum
please, i will, keep sucking my cock
i am going to cum, but you can close your eyes and let me cum in your mouth
oh my god, i can feel it growing in my pussy
please cum in my mouth
 i will cum
oh fuck that's big, i love that
please cum for me, cum for your love
ohhh fuck!
please cum in my mouth
oh fuck that's fucking hot, so wet
please cum in my mouth
 i'm cumming!
wow that's amazing, thank you
i'm going to go for another load
i'm glad i didn't stop you
hey baby you are hot!!!!!!
hello, sweetie… what’s up? 
you know what!
i think i do but i’d like you to tell me. 
you tell me!
what do you want to know? 
what are you wearing?
t-shirt and jeans, bare feet, red pedicure. 
great i love feet. but tell me about your panties.
thong, baby. black lace. sheer and snug. 
are you wet?
how will you know?
tell me where your hands are.
mmmm.. tell me where you want them.
grab your titties.
way ahead of you, baby. i’ve been squeezing my dd’s when you type. 
should i pull on my nipples? 
no, wait. tell me how it feels first. rubbing your tits.
my tits feel great. firm. bouncy. very sensitive.
i like to graze my fingernails across my breasts.
and then pinch my nipples as hard as i can. 
(sometimes i squeal!)
can you imagine my hands gliding across your skin?
your hands are rough (giggles) and strong and manly. 
<knees melting>
<heart pounding>
<pussy moistening>
yeah, that’s what i’m talking about.
now, i need you to take your right hand and start playing with yourself.
will you do that for me, babe?
talk me through it.
check if you’re wet. slide your right index finger into your pussy crack.
tell me — are you wet?
dripping.
good girl. now take your middle finger and ease it between your pussy lips.
take your time. tell me everything.
i can feel my own pussy heat, so hot on my hand.
so slippery.
i’m drenched.
can i taste please? just a drop, i have so much to spare. 
lick your finger, how is it?
mmmmm…. my pussy juice is sweet, baby, and there’s so much of it for you. 
do you wish i was right there with you right now?
if i was, i’d be kissing on your neck.
slowly up to your left ear — my voice and hot breath:
“i’m so fuckin’ hard right now.”
goddamn i’m so hot this is so hot you are so hot
working my way down your collarbone, your breasts.
licking every inch of your full left tit before taking that perky nipple into my mouth!.
please don’t forget the right one!
stomach kisses, hip kisses, thigh kisses… know where i’m going?
spreading for you, baby! oh please baby oh please eat me up!
gliding my tongue, flicking your slit.
how’s my pussy, baby?
it’s heaven.
tell me how you like to eat my pussy. 
your cunt is like candy! your thighs soft and supple like bubblegum.
<burying my face between your legs>
my clit is on fire! please can i cum?
only if we can keep going.
i think your ass is jealous of your pussy.
turn over, ima eat your ass.
and then i’m gonna fuck it.
ok i’m back (dropped the phone). 
i’m glad you wanna eat my ass too, it’s been awhile.
i am serious about the fucking.
me too.
no, do you have a dildo or a vibrator? i want you to put it up your ass.
i will wait.
ok i’ve got it. 
omg i can’t believe i’m doing this. it’s huge!
dunno if i can get it all in but i will try.  😉
good girl.
lube up.
i have a thick rubber dildo, about 9″ but very wide head especially.
what color?
purple. clear-ish. sparkles.
cute.
shut up i’m tickling my ass with the fat head. heheh
all slippery with lube. been so long. pucker! whoo!
you are funny. keep going.
i am! omg so nice. i’m on my back, knees bent.
legs crossed and in the air. 
twisting dildo head like screw in asshole entrance. 
push it in?
not yet. mmm. nice. tell me something sweet.
i wish i was there to finger your clit and drip warmed lube on your dildo.
and feather-lick my asshole. i love that.
nice and light around the pink. softly exploratory fingers too.
nice. good. more.
push gently baby, open your asshole for my big dick.
you’re too big.
no, no. relax. go slow. breathe baby breathe
how does that feel?
tell me how my hard cock feels in your tight little asshole.
baby?
ok it is in! holy shit i have all 9 inches in my ass for you!
take it, baby. that’s me. i’m in your ass and you feel perfect.
i can’t believe you talked me into this!!!!!!
can you dp?
ha! i have a candle on my nightstand, dare me?
do it!
omg your huge hard dick is filling up my ass
ramming my cunt with this candle like a sex freak
omg you better be jerking off.
amazing. fucking amazing you pervo we’re pervos!!!!
i am going to be jerking off over this forever.
me too. 
hey ;)
hey.
so how have u been?
fairly well, and i've been naughty sometimes ;)
 really? like what? ;)
oh you have no idea ;)
i would like to know ;) your so pretty;)
ah, so i have been told ;)
so how can we fix u being naughty? 
any way you want ;)
i like that. so u wearing much?
just a tank top and shorts ;)
sounds nice;)
wbu?
just a t shirt;) u must be rather warm though maybe u should get more comfortable ;)
yup i guess... so there goes the top, off of me.. ;)
i can imagine ;) i bet u look fine.
mhm.. ;)
wow i'm hard now.
already? how hard? ;)
so what you doing to yourself? hard as fuck ;)
i'm sitting with you, on your bed ;)
mmm..
with just my panties on ;)
awesome. may i feel them?
i'm afraid, not now. ;)
oh.
first we lay on your bed.. and pull the comforters ;)
your such a turn on;)
i know ;) then i start feeling you up..
mmm.. fuck i'm hard
your chest, mmhm... lickable, your abs... i lick them tooo 
i want to touch u
you can, wherever you want too ;)
mmm..
then i find something hard.. hard like a pole... mhmmm
yes i want to feel your whole body, it's so smooth, soft, your breasts are incredible.. i want to suck your nipples ;)
mhmmmm, sure. then i take your cock in my mouth ;) mhmmm.
yeah;)
i touch your 'tip' with my tongue ;) it's oozing pre cum ;)
mmm..
i play with your 'head'. then i swallow it down my throat ;)
ah it's great. i want fuck your mouth for a bit ;) as you look into my eyes.
mhmmmmm...
it's a beautiful sight..
i'd like that ;)
but now i want to lay u down, and i want to feel your clit..
i push your tender meat out of my mouth, and lay down...
the sight i'm seeing is unbelievable, it's beautiful..
what are u seeing? ;)
everything.
 aghhh i'm sooo wet ;) baby, go down on meee. puhlease.. eat me out
i want to kiss you first and feel your tounge on mine.
my pussy is just tooo wet..for you
as i'm lightly touching your clit..
mhmm?
your starting to buck up off the bed, your pussy is on fire so i gave to go down on you baby..
oh yeah...
i plunge my tongue in your wet hole. ahhh it's so beautiful.
mhmmm i like it... say dirty things to meee...
your pussy is so great..
like how you're gonna tear my pussy just with your tongue..
my cock is aching though for it but i don't care..
and rub your finger on my clit..
i'm giving it everything i have on my tongue... i'm sucking your clit like crazy... mhmm...
while your other fingers are inside my dripping hole...
your on fire!
indeed
my cock is going to explode if i don't get inside you.!!please baby girl.. i want you!!
then do it.. i want it inside..
fuck my cock.. aaaahhh... fuck i climb on top and just tease the entrance to your pussy...
i want to squeeze your dick inside my kitty.. 
i know u want it.. so i plunge in  slowly, as i start to fuck you i look at you"
and?
your eyes again..
mhmmmmm...
i lean forward as i fuck you and slowly kiss u again. you have me. i have no control..
fuck mee sooo hard that i won't be able to walk for dayssss...
well i'm close so i speed up... faster and faster...
mhmmmmm....
your tounge plunging in my mouth"..your legs are crossed over my back... pulling me in..
aaargh... mhmmmm
how u feel baby girl;)
great.. ;)
u close to cumming?
i'll talk to u in a sec after i'm done.
ok babe cum. my cock is pumping like crazy into u.. you are just in heaven waiting for your pussy to release.. it's building up..cum on baby cum for me.. finger your pussy hole.. give me your cum all over my face ;)
done babe.. ;)
xx..
jon is sexy 
you're sexy too 😉
what’s going on gorgeous we’re headed to a lil get together
hi ms nurse
watching the chargers game. come be a party of the carnage. orale!
huh who is this
what’s up pumpkin. i’m headed out to watch the game come meet up. i was sexy boy outside of xs the other night i should have just stolen you that night!
i was so drunk i don’t remember much. send me a picture
i even goty phone stolen 🙁
got my*
aw lol 
oh that’s right i remember u now!!! dang u never came back (i sent her a picture of me and jlaix w/ beers on our heads lol)
i did actually just never saw you boo
aww that sucks…
well come see me
san diego? hmm
yeah i’m not actually going to san diego lol
oh do u live in l.v?
yeah my place is on eastern and flamingo
i see..
i’m headed to a pt’s right now. where you at hon? (as you can see before i even think about how to start sexting, i figure out if we can meet up first ;))
i might be moving out there soon just gonna see if i can get a job first
it’s a good spot, it’s just cold season now. where you from
know of any nursing jobs out there by any chance?
i’m in california now
i think there’s some demand out here actually. i know the medical industry in general does good out here
we’ll u have fun watching the game. i’m meeting the girls for a gym session 🙂 let’s keep in touch though
well*
ok gorgeous. what part of cali are you in?
santa paula, close to l.a
what? a girl saint..? that’s not right. 😉
lol funny huh?
she sounds like she makes beer
wow never again lol!!!!
oops that was for julie sorry
what you getting belligerent at xs? lol wish i’d been there to take advantage of you! :p
nope belligerent after xs lol
bought to start spin class… ttyl :*
about*
lol.. spin class
how was spin class boo. i can’t imagine that you’re even more sexy now
hey punkin. think i saw you on cartoon network?
cartoon network? how so? lol!
hm i’ll see if i can find a picture
okay
(i send picture of rainbow brite)
haha… that’s my twin!!! how did u know:)
i could just tell you liked to dress up and ride ponies. am i good or what
see told u it was my twin
lol
gawdamn you’re hot. when are you coming up here to visit me again
i’m going to tear you up (lol. sexual aggressiveness is a huge turn on for girls.)
but nice pic. color run? i almost went (i figured i’d try to be normal too lol)
hey don’t make promises u can’t keep cuz i’ll hold you to it silly boy. yeah color run was this morning (phew)
girl i’ll be the one holding you to things.. like my kitchen counter. my bed. maybe even a wall or two (but no time to relent.. keep things going and have fun!)
send me a pic tho.. show me whacha workin with
okay dead mouse lol!!! (sent pic wearing deadmau5 mask)
rawrr… yummy but i want more
now show me your fucking body right now i want it
you want to see my dick don’t you. you want to taste it
i’m with family right now… damn or else i would
but yeah u do (think she meant i here)
you already have some in your phone i’m sure
i’m not letting you see my dick till i see that little coochie that you won’t be hiding from me much longer
no i just bought this phone tuesday. i lost my phone that night honey
go into the bathroom, take a pic and send it.
really wow? i’m in a car right now with my girls lol
well then i think you need to let them know you got to pull over real quick to use the restroom (so here i know i wasn’t being realistic but i had to continue the dominance theme, not just because it was the right move but because i was feeling it.)
pff no it can wait… it’s cool
are you sure about that
gawdamn. wish i had this earlier, i already came thinking about you when i was in the shower (it is ok to bring this stuff up if you’ve hit that point with a girl)
i want to stick my dick right in between those (sorry for blatant vulgarity, but this is real life. lol)
ok now your turn
i already showed you my chest. 😉
what? lol
alright i’ll go first 😉
k
i really want to suck on your tits. then fuck you (i save the overt sexuality for when it’s appropriate)
you know what i want. send it
(i send a dick pic lol)
oh yum i wanna ride that shit until your toes curl 😉
yeah i may have to have you ride my face too.
babe send more
looks like it’s laundry day huh? :p
no lol that was yesterday at some girls house
it’s laundry day for me tho lol
i need socks!
rainbow bright lol
yup lol
i’m probably going to hurt you with my cock a little bit when i see you. just a little, don’t worry we can still be friends afterwards. but yeah, i’m going to be a bit rude with your lil body
don’t worry you’ll like it
going to pin you down and slide it inside you while you moan and wiggle around
oh really? tell me more…
send me more pics they give me.. ideas. lol
you would probably make my dick stay hard for at least two hours
we need to test this theory
<attached image>
i would not be able to keep my hands off your legs (more sensual here. sex is not just about penetration, it’s the entire experience that makes it so amazing)
you like em?
maybe just a little 🙂
send me a pic in your panties
i’m not wearing any
that’s a cute little pussy i may have to spank you for being so bad and not wearing panties
i may have to fuck you from behind for a while too
it’s good to be bad sometimes 😉
i want to spread your legs and eat out your wet pussy 
mhmmm ;) and then i'm going to turn you over and put my hard cock deep inside you ;) 
and i'll kiss your neck and and slowly go in and out of you ;) 
i want to fill you up and make you scream ;) 
i want to dominate you and make you mine ;) 
yea you do you enjoy my big hard dick fucking 
you from behind 
oh i certainly do, i love when you toss me around and then stick it in me switching positions 
i miss your big dick in my tight wet pussy
mmmm i love that miss your tight pussy fucking my big dick 
miss seeing you look back while pounding you balls deep bent over the bed 
well babe i'm here and ready and willing for you to have your way with me 
okay 
i want you on your hands and knees while you suck me looking up at me 
then i want you to crawl up on me and ride me hard 
i want to make you scream while i suck on your breasts 
then i want you to sit on me while i eat you out 
and you can suck on me hard until we cum 
just being honest haha 
haha i know! i love the honesty 
good i would hope so 
bending you over the kitchen island and fucking you from behind, that's the best position 
sooo like let's do that v soon please? 
cause that's my fav 
sounds perfect to me:) what're you doing tomorrow? 
and have the hot water drip down my back as you grip every part of me tighter and closer 
i wanna hold you up against the shower wall and kiss you all over your body 
god that is so hot 
please throw me up against anything and everything 
i'll be the bad cop 
handcuff me 
tie me up 
i don't care 
i will i pick you up and out you on the counter top, i spread our legs and tease you with my hard cock 
until i kiss your body everywhere and spend some time caressing your breasts and neck 
i started eating you out very gently 
moving my tongue in different motions and using my fingers to put pressure on your clit 
we make out intensely 
sides and fuck me hard and fast 
mmm then put your legs behind your head, stick my finger in your wet pussy and make you squirt all over my fingers then slide my dick inside you and fuck you slowly til you beg to go deep and hard then fuck away 
harder 
and harder 
til you scream and slap the mattress with pleasure 
and grab my neck pulling me in for more kisses 
yeah we're gonna fuck for a long time 
i'm stroking my hard cock thinking about you 
i want to be in you so bad 
i want you to grab me and kiss me 
i don't care 
i will 
and you'll scream and squirt everywhere 
i want your big hard dick inside of me 
where it's nice and wet waiting for you 
i'll tie you up to the bed and get on top of you after eating you out and be so rough and passionate, you'll be itching to get out of those handcuffs so you can ride me till kingdom cum 
god i hope you're hard right now 
rub your clit soft and gently 
if you have to get lube or use your spit and get yourself wet down there 
rub harder and harder in circular motion 
with your other finger only insert your pinky 
finger yourself until you want more 
go to your index finger and finger and finger, feel yourself inside 
imagine how great it feels for me to inside you 
man i'm gonna have some fun with you 
i think so too 
do you like eye contact when i'm sucking you off? 
yes please i wanna see those gorgeous eyes of yours 
can you orgasm from it? 
a blowjob? not my eyes 
yes to both 
what's your recovery time like? 
it really depends on recent masturbation tendencies but idk 5-10 min probably? 
maybe a little longer 
damn 
nice recovery 
i am constantly horny 
i feel like something's missing in my life... 
namely you. 
between my legs. 
yeah you got me all riled up 
did i? 
yeah i want to see you bent over in high heels 
i'm assuming it's a nice view
ugh such a tease 
i'm thinking about you bending me over like that though. is that really being a tease? 
oh yeah? what am i doing? 
in your little fantasy 
you're pulling my hair back so that my back arches just a bit so you can hit closer to my gspot when you're inside of me 
mmm i love that feeling when i thrust deep inside and my thighs press up against the back of yours. 
just remember you don't get to cum until i say you can 
baby just get here so i can fuck you how you like it 
size doesn't matter when you're horizontal anyway 
or when you're bent over my bed 
now you're talking 
might not even have time to take your skirt off 
you can move the panties to the side 
if i'm wearing any
that's my girl 
have you ever been with someone 6' 5"? or similar height? 
no, never haha. 
you're very tall lol 
haha just wait until i have you bent over and i reach around to rub your clit 
5' 11" dudes could never
chat 16 
i want you to promise me one thing 
ok 
tonight you will not move from there until i make you come with my mouth 
i promise 
that's what i want 
oh baby 
good girl 
i don't mind if you set the pace with your hand on my head, either.
i just want it to feel good 
i'm just gonna lightly wrap my hand around your hair to keep it out of your face and keep a little control over that pretty little mouth 
go slow though 
i can do that 
really take your time and enjoy it 
i will figure out what makes you tick, don't worry. 
because i'm gonna tease the hell out of you before i let you cum all over my face 
i want your cock so bad my pussy is aching 
oh god i want to fuck you so deeply 
tell me how baby 
i want to make your pussy raw and cum in your face. you're such a dirty bitch and you're all mine 
my cock gets so hard when i think about fucking you, kissing your neck and pulling your nipples hard.
i want to be thrown on my tummy with my hands behind my back, have you pull my hair while forcing me down, fucking me until i cum on your cock 
i'm going to hold your hands down and peel your pussy lips apart so i can lick your clit and stick my tongue inside you. then when you are dripping wet i'm going to push my hard dick into your tight pussy as deep as i can. 
i'm going to tease you by fucking you with just the tip so you are begging me to go deeper and when you think you cant take it anymore ill grab your hair and pound you from behind and spank your ass because your such a dirty girl. 
then when you've cum all over my cock i'm going to turn you over and force my cock all the way down your throat and fuck your face. and just before i cum i'm going to pull out and cum all over your face. 
if i'm around you, we won't have a problem making sure i'm "well lubricated" 
shh shh just say "thank you, daddy" 
then come over and fuck me right now "daddy" 
call your boss and tell them you won't be in tomorrow. you're going to need a personal day to sleep and recover after what i do to you all night long. 
who needs sleep when there are so many other fun things to do? 
go get your vibrator 
no, i want to play with you first 
oh yeah? what did you want to play with? 
what does your neck taste like? 
hmm i'm not sure, i guess you'll have to tell me
i really want to eat you out until you forget why you had any worries in the first place 

i'm about to get a shower. 
that sounds sexy 
i'm going to rub my pussy thinking about you 
tease 
i want to lay you down on the bed and take your panties off with my teeth inch by inch 
sliding down your legs. after that i want to gently circle your clit and i won't stop until you tell me to 
could you do one really important thing for me though love? 
?
could you please french kiss my sweet little pussy love? 
i want to feel your warm mouth on me. your wet tongue gliding slowly around my clit..... 
and cuddle me after all this rough lovings. 
i can indeed my little fucktoy 
mmmm.... i feel all flush and tingly 
that's how your going to feel when i spread your pussy with my tongue and make you come with my mouth 
we're in the shower and you're soaking wet...everywhere. we get so worked up, rubbing my hard hard cock against your 
clit, that we do it on the couch soaking wet 
are you at work 
when you have a free moment, slip away and show me you pretty little tits 
yes sir 
i want your hands to be all over my body, slowly moving over my nipples and feeling them get harder under your finger tips. i can feel you tracing every curve of my body, eventually going down between my legs, feeling how wet i am, teasing my clit until i can't take it anymore and i beg you to eat me out 
oh dear god i just cam so wonderfully. thank you. 
i want to slowly spread your legs wide and kiss down the inside of your thighs 
i love how wet you get 
well you know how to turn me on 
that makes me want to even more 
then i want to kiss all the way down the inside of your thighs 
all the way down 
i can feel your kisses 
and slowly spread you open 
and gently lick up and down 
outside first 
then work my way in 
my back is arched just thinking about that 
so hot 
then lick up and down 
right in the middle 
and slowly close in on your sexy clit 
and id curl my middle finger up, gently pressing on your g spot 
and rub up and down 
up past it, down over it, then stop right before i pull out 
over and over 
as im licking your clit 
omg i so wish you were here 
so do i 
and then i would slowly speed it up 
pressing harder and harder on your g-spot 
as i keep licking
chat 28 
i want you to fuck my mouth thrusting your hard cock down my throat and making my pussy sloppy wet while you fuck me with my wand and the fun extension. 
 i would love to fuck you with your toys 
i want you to fill my pussy with your thick cock so bad love. and i'd love to do this all with my pretty purple princess plug in. 
wish i could kiss you before bed. 
wrist bond to the couch as i'm bent over the arm. ass up for you. 
punk 
god i want to fuck your mouth and pussy so badly 
sleep good 
i'm craving you right now. 
i was using my wand thinking about you fingering me with my plug in holding my wand to my clit slowly pressing and easing off massaging me with the wand my hands tied above me so i was helpless to you as you made me squirt and cum and splash till you were satisfied 
trying to concentrate on my work but all i've been doing is daydreaming about having you bent over my desk with your jeans around your ankles 
could you please.... 
thrust your cock deep inside my mouth. stretching my throat and making me squirm while i'm all tied up. 
you back on to me so i can finish the job 
i can't wait to have you inside me while you play with my clit, ramming me so hard and making my legs shake. i want to be gasping for air while begging for more 
i can't wait to pick you up from the couch and take you to the kitchen counter and pleasure you and then pick you back up and pin you up against the kitchen wall and continue 
fuck i want that so bad 
i want to go all night 
we can and we should 
i want massage your shoulders 
is that weird? 
no 
will you be naked? 
only if you want me to be. 
or i could just be wearing a pearl thong and princess plug. 
yeah i have a very high sex drive lol 
so come sit on my face 
make me cum? 
i'd love to 
repeatedly 
over and over and over 
until i scream 
oh yes, i won't stop 
i want to be shaking 
i'll make you shake, that's such a turn on for me 
can you come over and eat me out?
shut up and keep licking that pussy
please touch my g-spot
the weewee
good boy keep fucking my weewee
i like to rub my clit with a dildo
give me your vibrator
fuck yes faster faster faster